that's the end champion movie escape our
escape boom
boom splash wow she's swimming to safety
it's raining rocks hurry hurry
boom forget our back no but she wasn't
even turning it where wasn't turning
they are steering their boat she is
first you steal their weapons that you
kill them then you still have bloody bow
and you blow up their pyramid
Laura's an evil bitch and bitch is
allowed on YouTube
female dog yes Lara is an evil female
dog
wouldn't it be evil if they just threw
in an arrow there just to catch you off
guard when you're sitting watching the
end movie yeah they threw in an arrow so
he like don't hit a rock in the middle
of the water or something oh oh oh
that's the end that's the final boss
it's very easy actually and it took six
hours almost seven hours look how much I
unlocked yes I want to save my progress
yes yes
I completed Tomb Raider anniversary and
what an amazing game it is sure it has
its glitches its moments of problems but
really it's all overall good I give the
game a 9 out of 10
graphics take the other 9 or 10 because
well they're not perfect they're not
crisis or anything you know crisis that
new game with amazing graphics here
certainly not like that but the graphics
they're good they're no better than they
need to be but they're beautiful they
are beautiful um sound yeah look at the
sound line the music very well composed
yes and it works very well when it's
needed of course we got the good old
tomb raider theme revamped and goodness
the sounds and everything the voice
acting is good got Lara always sounds
sexy yeah yeah British
and everything yet gameplay well I give
it my Gipper on a seven or eight oh yeah
an eight eight and a half because I mean
they plays perfectly almost perfectly I
mean it's easy to get into it fairly
straight simple controls
the only reason I don't give it a 9 or
10 is because there are moments when as
you know she doesn't grab the edge when
you want her to but when you drop off
the edge there and sometimes yeah she
can get sort of stuck or whatever and it
can be a bit dodgy but really that
doesn't happen very often so yeah hey
eight and a half four yeah hey forgave
me
now replay value hmm I always find it
hard to rate replay value because I
compare it to stuff like final fantasy
which is obviously got like hundreds of
side quests and stuff but I guess I give
this six yeah a six the replay value
maybe seven because it's got all the
secrets that can be fun to find and get
to and when you get all the seed but
it's your unlock codes are bonus stuff
like commentaries pictures and
screenshots of development and
comparisons to the old tomb raider games
get the soundtrack you get character
profiles and all sorts of stuff and
there's also of course
Lara's Manor which I might have a quick
though on I might record a bit of if I'm
not going to do all of it this is just
the secrets and unlocking more stuff
really
yeah Lara's Manor is fun to play as well
both words to do that replay value also
gets a bit of a high score because it's
just such a fun game I don't know why
it's just so fun jumping around and
swinging and gosh gosh lovely game and
played it three times now this is the
rats theme by the way the theme of the
rats yeah when they come and attack you
mischievous little princes anyway yeah
so overall yeah give it 9 out of 10 it's
a great game always fun to play of
course as long as you're into these kind
of games there's a victim gameplay it's
just fun puzzle solving and all sorts of
stuff a couple of moments that of course
some Francis Foley is big and quite
annoying and that rotating column puzzle
thing that I used a guide to get passed
quicker this time but they're just like
personal things that I don't like about
it they just annoy me they're not bad or
anything they just annoy me
yes great game I always enjoy playing it
and can't wave that you made it
underworld and actually right now I feel
like starting to made a legend tile but
no I don't think I want to right now
it's not even installed you know yeah
Farah Croft Tomb Raider anniversary this
is a long produce and surprised if
you're still watching slash listening
well thanks for watching basically this
is pretty much the end if you don't want
to hang around to watch Lara's Manor
stuff then you don't have to there's
nothing nothing more to the game really
I'm also gonna have a look at some of
the extras I unlocked but I'm not gonna
bother getting 100% does it take a long
time
and I currently have another savegame
where I'm in the process of getting a
hundred percent yeah don't know what
else to say this is a long credits and
there's nothing at the end of the
credits really but I'll just let him
roll anyway just for completeness sake
lurid noir localization coordinates a
Laurie diet that's
have loads funada this is long just
listen to it for music I'm gonna sharp
now
thanks for watching enjoy the music aha
listen to the volume sorry
Oh does it's actually no it doesn't
that's the end hey hey hey Oh
tune in again in the next video or in
just a minute depending on how much like
la ya in the next video actually to see
some rewards and some Croft Manor yeah
so thanks for watching
quit now if you want to but there's
extra is coming up next
bye